Model Monitoring And Maintenance    The use of model-based condition monitoring in predictive maintenance programs has become more and more popular over time. Model-based condition monitoring includes spectral analysis of motor current and voltage signals and comparison of measured parameters with known and learned motor models to diagnose various electrical and mechanical anomalies. This approach was originally developed by NASA's Space Shuttle Monitor and used to detect and develop faults in the shuttle engine.    Model monitoring is the accurate tracking of the performance of ML models in production so that production and production teams can identify potential problems before they have a negative impact on business operations. A robust MLOP infrastructure is capable of monitoring the health status and the availability of services, evaluating data relevance and variance, creating data models based on live data and evaluating features such as model performance, model accuracy, elements of trust such as fairness and bias and of course the business impact. The predictive power of a model decreases as soon as it is used.    In order to create a feedback loop between the used ML model and the model stage, model monitoring with the modelmetric stack is essential to enable the model to improve in different scenarios.    Like all machines, the ML models require regular tuning and updates to meet performance expectations. Therefore, it is important that ML models remain relevant in the context of the latest data before they are introduced into production. Model drift is a phenomenon that can be expected and that should be mitigated by regular retraining.    Product engineers and data scientists working on machine learning models need to understand the impact of their changes on the product. Changes can affect the performance of the models, but most changes are made to the key features of the model, which are used to connect the dots and make predictions.    After identifying common processes for the development of ML models, we systematized and integrated our ML platform to achieve our goals and allow data scientists to focus on model development and system design. The DevOps approach to measuring and monitoring model performance has worked with our customers, Doordash data scientists and machine learning engineers, in the way that we have been able to offer useful usability and flexibility. We abstracted the complexity from them and focused on developing ML models that would make the product a great experience for customers, dealers and sellers.    As soon as you use your machine learning model in production, it becomes clear what works and what doesn't. Their machine learning application is not only the model, but all that includes them in the production, including infrastructure, input data, resources and other upstream and downstream services. Once you have used your model, you need to monitor and verify the progress and quality of your ML application in production over its entire lifespan, ensure it to maintain its intended value systematically and monitor the context of the production machine learning system.    Monitoring machine learning models refers to the way we track and understand the performance of our models in production from a data science and operational perspective. This comprehensive guide aims at least to make you aware of the complexity of monitoring a machine learning model in production and provide a practical starting point for implementing your own ML monitoring solution.    Data scientists spend a lot of time analyzing production models and doing new research. Data science leaders bear the burden of monitoring model drift and model health for their teams and are responsible for the quality of the predictions that models make.    Monitoring changes in model behaviour and the characteristics of the most recent data used for the conclusion is of the utmost importance. This ensures that the model remains relevant and faithful to the desired performance during its training phase. Measurable information about where there is potential for improvement can feed into the feedback loop, and ML models benefit from this feedback loop.    However, the data we use to train models in a research or production environment does not necessarily represent the data we receive from our live systems. Data distortions can occur if our model training data is not representative of the live data. Measuring the performance of real data allows us to estimate the extent to which a model is drifting.    This deterioration may adversely affect the accuracy of our time estimates and other ML model expenditures. For example, changes to external variables can cause a model drift that affects the relevance of the search. In order to solve the above-mentioned fidget-spinner toy problem, the development team had to retrain themselves with a lot of new data on fidget-spinners, among other things equip the model with labels and pictures of the toy and familiarize themselves with keywords related to the toy.    Other companies require the IT department to be responsible for monitoring the production model. Domino Model Monitor (DMM) provides a single glass pane for automated model monitoring and proactive alerting of production models. It is reasonable for DMM to assume a large part of responsibility for monitoring data science models with model health dashboards.    The Domino Model Monitor (DMM) automatically detects and tracks data drift in model inputs, functions, outputs and predictions. Event ID tracks predictions and model details, marks ground truth events and logs the data store. DMM sends notifications to the IT team, data scientists and other interested parties when the identification of degradation models is integrated into your workflow.Automated Drift Detection    On November 14, AWS announced the release of a long-awaited drift detection feature in CloudFormation. This is a common feature demanded by many AWS customers who want to ensure that their deployments are configured as expected. The new feature provides drift detection as a service for your batch and batch resources and automatically detects configuration changes in the cloud.    This is the case if their actual configuration does not match the expected configuration of the CloudFormation stack. Drift can happen when bypassing procedures, removing resources from the cloud, updating or redistributing infrastructure code files. Stack Drifting Resources are stack drifting resources that are considered as drifting.    AWS CloudFormation provides drift detection capabilities to detect uncontrolled configuration changes to stack resources. Configuration drift is a phenomenon in which ongoing resources and services (by git definition) vary over time, from manual ad hoc changes to updates. If configuration drift occurs, it should be reported to the developers and fixed.    Configuration drift occurs when manual changes are made to your resources outside the cloud formation stack that created them. When changes in the cloud formation stack are set and applied to the stack, the resources are updated synchronously. AWS Cloudformation analyses the current specification of the resource stack and the specification defined in the stack template using the drift detection function and reports on the differences to automatically detect unmanaged configuration changes to stacks and resources.    As shown in the diagram below, changing the lambda function causes the CloudFormation stack that created it to drift back to its original state. The lambda function triggers a planned CloudWatch event with a rule that checks if the resources in the stack have drifted and brings them back to conformity.    This pattern can be extended to any resource that supports AWS CloudFormation Drift Detection. In this post you will see how a lambda function with CloudWatch and AWS Cloudformation can be used to implement automatic drift sanitization for each resource in the cloud formation stack. The integrated architecture that is described in the solution overview is all you need in the stack to monitor and detect configuration drift and enforce resource compliance.    The second contribution is the use of incremental Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests to detect the concept of drift in real labels. The classification algorithms adapted for these tests rely on a limited number of true labels in the classification model being updated when drift is detected. A classification model that supports data accuracy without drift and a regression model that can support data with drift.    Drift visualizations include graphical, numerical and statistical data. By clicking on a chart, you can view certain transactions that contribute to drift. For more information, see the message below or click on the information icon next to the drift model tile.    I select one from my stack and click on the Action drop-down menu followed by the Detect Drift option. The main reasons for detecting drift are displayed, including natural language descriptions, observations, and a list of unexpected values. After I have selected one from the stack, I click on the Show drift result that appears next to the Action button.    Drift is the name for situations where resources deployed in the cloud match what your infrastructure code files and repositories say. Today, Env0 enables discrepancies to be detected and ensures that your real-world resources and cloud providers match your infrastructure code files. I had to make a manual change to my security group because the way the drift detection functions were displayed was no longer consistent with my templates.    In the course of implementing your company s IAC, developing a systemic drift detection strategy is vital to understanding and improving your cloud posture. Code in the cloud vulnerabilities can be classified as drift, but that doesn't mean that non-government configuration changes leave your infrastructure exposed. In some situations, these changes can lead to environmental instability, deployment problems, unforeseeable cost gaps and compliance with safety regulations.    One of the most important considerations on this issue is the potential risk that drift will become a permanent institution. This is true of machine learning models, as they lose accuracy and predictive power over time, which is known as model drift. Model drift can occur in the form of changes in characteristics, data, goals and dependencies.    Drift Detection is a powerful tool to support the introduction of continuous delivery and pipeline automation. In this paper, we introduce a visual data analysis system called Odin for detecting and restoring drift. Odin uses opposing autoencoders to learn how to distribute high-dimensional images.    It provides a mechanism to detect and protect manual changes in the pipeline without compromising the reliability of automation. Cloud automation practices include multiple technologies and tools.    There is no point imagining web and app development without a constant stream of configuration changes to introduce new technologies and release new features to support new business needs. For companies that manage their cloud deployment processes and infrastructure codes (IAC), managing and facilitating configuration changes is predictable and foolproof.Model Retraining    This phenomenon can be described in various ways, including data drift, the concept of drift and model decay. The answer to this inevitable challenge is to retrain your model regularly for new or expanded data. Training your model is an ongoing process, and quality is important.    If your business or problem domain changes, your model needs to be retrained to use the new data. If a comparison of a training data set with a similar set of new data shows significant deviations, the existing model no longer has value because it cannot make the same generalizations. Models work best with raw data, but add more data to an existing model, and the transformation must be repeated.    In other words, predictions that an existing model makes will no longer be as accurate as the predictions that the model made at training time. For example, if you use a machine learning algorithm to predict the next quarter's earnings, you cannot tell whether your model will perform well or badly in the next quarter. You can take your model, designed to predict the next quarter data, and compare it with the previous quarter data.    There are many ways to update a neural network model, but the two most important approaches are to use an existing model as starting point, retrain or leave it in place and combine the predictions of the old model with those of the new model. It is important to experiment and evaluate a number of different approaches to updating the model with new data before the model update can be automated, e.g. At regular intervals. Monitoring the data to detect changes in data distribution can be a huge effort, so the simplest strategy is to train your model regularly (for example weekly).    In this tutorial you will learn how to update a model for neural networks in response to new data. You use a published pipeline to automate your workflow by setting parameter settings to train a machine learning model on new data, such as a tweet chart. In this article you will learn how to use Azure Machine Learning Designers to retrain machine learning using pipeline parameters.    Training data are static datasets from which machine learning models extrapolate patterns and relationships to make predictions about the future. It is called an attribute data set and is representative of the fundamental truth when the outside world changes. However, as conditions change in the real world, the training data may be less accurate in their representation of ground truth.    Before you use your model, you can play with training data before using it to get an idea of how badly it will develop over time. Josh explains in his talk that he trained a model based on a set of features from data six months ago, and that if he used the same set on the data he generates today, the worst model would be to use that model instead of that he created a month ago with untrained data and is using today. It is possible to get a sense of what is right and what is wrong with the model.    This gives a sense of how much a change in data will worsen the predictions of your models. The model predicts the data based on predictions similar to the distribution of the data on which it was trained.    Continuous learning models must integrate new data flows into the production environment in which they are used. Data distributions drift over time, so providing models is not a one-off task, but a continuous process. It is a good practice to monitor your incoming data and retrain your model for new data as soon as you know that your data distribution differs from the original distribution of training data.    Machine learning has a complex life cycle that includes frequent updates in the production environment. The retraining of a new model version begins with a test process before it goes into production. This process leads to a good model that can be used in production.    Model drift refers to how the predictive performance of a selected model deteriorates when the distribution of features in the target data changes, and model retraining is not the result of any other modeling process. Retraining refers to the repetition of the process of generating the selected model from a new training set. MLOP solutions bring about these changes through easy access and automation of model training, and the simplest approach is to initiate retraining plans.    The most fundamental and fundamental reason for model retraining is that the outside world can only predict and keep pace with changes in underlying data and these changes can cause the model to deviate. The notion of drift is generally referred to as a problem. It is the underlying probability distribution of variables and the relationships between variables that change over time and affect the way the model builds on the data. This can affect your model at different times, depending on which prediction problem you are solving and how the models are selected to solve this problem.    The student attrition model, which predicts how students will return in the next semester, is used to make predictions for the current student cohort after the midterms. Since predictions we generate in batches per semester would not make sense to retrain the model if we did not have access to new data training. By retraining the model when new data is available, we get a trained loss of 0.00685 and a tested loss of -0.00742. This is a significant improvement compared to the old model, which predicted the last month of 2016 with a loss of + 0.00825, while our new model predicted the same month of 2016 with a loss of only 0.0750.Model Optimization    The hospital network model has millions or more decision variables and constraints and these will need to be adjusted over time to fit changing operating environment conditions resulting from shifts in demand and supply dynamics.    In mathematical optimization models, many other challenging and critical business problems of today can be captured - from food production and transportation to power generation and transmission to classroom seating in terms of social distances. Optimization modelling is a form of mathematics which attempts to determine the optimal maximum in the minimum value of a complex equation. A mathematical optimization model is a dynamic, digital representation of your current business situation that covers the complexity and volatility facing today.    Key aspects of constraints, such as resource constraints and the need to find realistic solutions in some respects, are not complex mathematics. Mathematical optimization uses the above techniques to evaluate complex models that represent real-world planning decisions to support business challenges such as logistics, scheduling, inventory control, network design and more. Operations Research uses stochastic programming to model dynamic decisions that adapt to events. Such problems can be solved by large-scale optimization using stochastic optimization methods.    Hyperparameters are adjustable parameters that allow you to control the model during the optimization process. High-level controllers such as model prediction control ( MPC) and real time optimization ( RTO ) use mathematical optimization. These controllers work by determining the value of decision variables such as throttling and opening processes in a plant and solving mathematical optimization problems that include limitations to the model and system control.    Now that we have the model and the data we are ready to train, validate and test our model by optimizing its parameters and data. Once we have adjusted our hyperparameters, we train and optimize the model in an optimization loop. The next candidate set is analyzed and regarded as a separate model predicting the performance of the function and the tuning and parameter updating process is continuing for a certain number of iterations (Jones, Schonlau & Welch, 1998).    A final point of interpretation of the resampling results is that selecting the best setting based on the results represents the performance of the models and using the best settings has optimization benefits. Depending on the problem, the optimization bias can overestimate the actual performance of the models. Nested resaming methods can be used to mitigate this bias.    Optimizing Machine Learning aims to find hyperparameters for a given machine learning algorithm that provide best performance, measured against a validation set. Hyperparameters, in contrast to model parameters, are a series of machine learning engineers during training. Stochastic optimization treats all parameters as uncertainties and does not return a single set of optimized parameters.    I like to think of hyperparameters as model settings that align the model with solving a machine learning problem. During the grid search, we create a model from all possible combinations of the hyperparameter values provided, evaluate the model and select the architecture that delivers the best results. There are a number of trees, random forests, hyperparameters, weights, neural networks and model parameters that are learned during training.    Unlike model optimization, you can increase or decrease depth and width depending on your goals. If the quality of your model is sufficient, try to reduce over-fitting and training time by reducing the depth or width. If the quality of the model is declining, you need to reconcile quality with over-fitting or training time.    Model optimisation is one of the most difficult challenges when implementing a machine learning solution. There is a whole branch of machine learning and deep learning theory devoted to the optimization of models.    We extend the possibilities of our modeling language by showing how to include constraints with second-order information and accelerate optimization. This chapter describes how the observed current flow can be used to optimize the performance of a model by estimating parameters. Deterministic optimization begins with a first parameter estimate and adapts it to simulate a result as close as possible to the current flow.    The TensorFlow Model Optimization Toolkit is a set of tools that allow users, from beginners to advanced, to optimize machine learning models for use and execution. Once we have established the basics of model and optimization, we will look at a variety of advanced machine learning models, including neural network training, sparsity, low-level regularization, metric learning, time series analysis, opposing training and robust models.    This course starts with basic modeling and optimization, including case studies that transform regression and classification problems into mathematical models with basic deterministic and stochastic gradient lineage. Learn concepts that demystify ubiquitous themes such as regression, deep learning and large-scale optimization, focusing on convex and nonconvex models. Recognize the class of optimization problems in machine learning and related disciplines.    For some it is tempting to try optimization and modeling with one of the many Excel solvers and add-ins. Some even offer additional support by writing optimization solutions for their customers.    Python can be used at any time to create complex optimization models with a large number of constraints and variables. This approach in search space is called Bayesian optimization (Mockus 1994).    The initial sampling pool is evaluated by means of a grid random search. OkCupid data uses a simple k-next-door model to predict job profiles. In this context, the predictors contain many different types of profile traits, and the closest neighbors are similar profiles based on many traits.    A NonlineearConstraint object can be created by calling one of the overloaded optimization models addNonlineearConsstraint () method. The gradient function needed for the optimization process is FastConstraints.Gradient (), but does not provide a numerical approximation that can be used.Continous Model Management & Evaluation    The practice of meeting with employees to discuss past achievements and set goals has been described as outdated, problematic and a source of employee misery. If you followed trends in employee evaluation you know that many modern organizations are moving away from the traditional once-a-year evaluation model. Continuous employee performance evaluation has become the new standard and there are many reasons why it is the preferred method of performance evaluation.    Strictly speaking, continuous performance management is defined as a change in the employee evaluation philosophy. While traditional performance management models focus on employee compensation and ranks, continuous performance management is based on the principle that evaluations should be continuous. Instead of looking at past actions, it encourages a comprehensive look at the scope of the assessments.    While most organizations implementing a continuous performance management framework are likely to adapt it to the specific needs of their organization, some key components remain uniform at the enterprise level.    Continuous performance is not a one-off performance review, but an ongoing assessment that allows you to receive continuous feedback on how you can improve. Continuous evaluation is a project-based performance review model that provides accurate real-time performance indicators.    Create a single feedback dashboard that makes it easy to enter, search, review, sort, and request feedback, providing easy-to-understand, high-quality data that does not require advanced analysis. Executives and employees can use feedback nuggets to work on performance summaries, and incorporate two types of feedback to complement the company's ongoing approach to performance development.    Getting feedback from individual managers is important, but only from a perspective. Human resources experts should focus on receiving feedback from employees, but should also consider involving managers and employees to participate in the performance review process. Both managers and employees should be encouraged to use the feedback system, and rapid responses are appreciated and rewarded.    To get a complete overview of an employee's performance, talk to his or her employees. The feedback process is not only a chance to highlight mistakes, to receive confessions from employees when they have not achieved their goals, but it is also a process that helps employees and the organization to improve themselves. Genuine continuous performance includes not only the communication tools mentioned above, but also how employees use feedback to enhance their experiences and benefit the company.    It is crucial for managers to provide effective and timely feedback on the performance of their employees. Regular, forward-looking check-ins and frequent feedback have proven to be the best way to improve employee performance. Implementing 360-degree feedback requires a major change in the organization, but helps to provide a rounded view of individual employees and managers.    Based on this definition, it is crucial to accept that employee performance reviews are a non-negotiable prerequisite for proper human resources management. HR industry standards for conducting annual performance reviews can no longer be considered the only, or even the best, way to manage an employee's potential performance. Effective performance management strategies must begin with a foundation of trust and gratitude created by a strategic and comprehensive employee recognition program.    There are many reasons why it is now the best time to move to a continuous process as more and more companies move away from the inefficiencies and limitations of their traditional performance management processes. For these reasons, a continuous evaluation model can add value to a company's human resources management process rather than a single annual review, annual bonuses, or announced wage increases. As traditional performance management models influence decision-making on remuneration, promotions, dismissals, and other compliance-mandated functions, they are becoming increasingly irrelevant for improving performance and performance management.Model Case Study    Once you have decided on your subject, sign the form and consult your legal team. And then do what is best for your subject: sign the forms and consult your legal teams.    Once your customers or customers have confirmed their participation, you can start formatting your introductory questionnaire. Once you have developed your problem and research questions, you are ready to select the specific case you want to focus on. Once your client has completed your questionnaire, it is time to formulate your interview questions.    They want to learn how the company does business and develops new products. Relevant questions to ask during your interview are how your topic implements your solution and how they function throughout the process. There are many different methods you can use to collect data about your subject.    An example of a mixed methodology case study would be a case study on the development of wind farms in rural areas with quantitative data on the employment rates and business revenues, qualitative data on the perception and experience of the local population and analyses of local and national media coverage of the project. Case studies are an effective form of marketing that you can use to promote your product. A case study takes a close look at existing customers and examines how they use your product to help them achieve their business goals.    Case studies help to plan marketing strategies and can be used as a form of analysis or a sales tool to inspire potential customers. We have compiled 15 examples of marketing case studies, case study tips and case study template format to help you create case studies that will help your marketing succeed. This case study shares a number of commercial real estate case studies shared by Acres that reflect real-life situations in terms of types of businesses you are looking for, the different roles and types of modeling tests you will need to perform during the interview process.    Consider taking part in the Real Estate Financial Modeling Training Program, which is used by leading real estate companies and elite universities to train the next generation of CRE professionals.    This simple case study shows how smart, clean design and informative content can be an effective way to showcase your success. You can choose a common representative case that illustrates a particular category or phenomenon. In this case study, we see several fonts used to distinguish the contents of the header, complementary colors, and prominent symbols.    Case studies can be approached in different ways depending on the epistemological perspective of the researcher: they can address critical questions of one's own or other assumptions; they can be interpretative (trying to understand how individuals share social significance) or positive (an approach based on the criteria of the natural sciences such as emphasis on generalizations in the table below). Several definitions of case studies emphasize the number of observations (e.g. Small n), method (qualitative), thickness of research (combination study of the phenomenon in its context) and naturalism (real context examined by the researchers).    A collective case study involves examining several cases in order to generate a broader appreciation for a particular topic. By contrast, an instrumental case study uses a particular case better than others to gain a broad understanding of a problem or phenomenon. Case studies can be used to generate a deep, multi-faceted understanding of a complex subject and its real context.    According to John Gerring, an essential feature that distinguishes case studies from other methods is reliance on evidence from a single case, not the attempt to illuminate the features of a broader group of cases simultaneously. Gerring defines a case study as "an approach to intensively studying a single unit (or small number of units) of a case to understand a larger class of similar units or case populations.". Alexander George and Andrew Bennett point out that a common problem in case study research is reconciling conflicting interpretations of the same data.    It allows you to explore the main features, meanings and implications of the case. A final step is to define the framework and concepts of the study. Researchers define the uniqueness of a unique phenomenon and distinguish it from others.    Reliability and generalisability are the two main criteria for assessing a research study. This puts you in the role of an acquisition professional who has to assess the feasibility of a value-added opportunity to acquire a flat. You can back up your argument with simple calculations or create a more complex merger model due to time constraints.    The main goal of the authors of this study is to understand the integration of resources and value creation through the lens of S & D logic in marketing. For example, Coschedule was developed in this case study by Laerdal, a customer whose industry focused on developing medical devices to save lives and provide clear information about challenges, solutions and outcomes that support the service. Laerdal's marketing team found that they needed to have everything in one place to tie it all together so they could work toward the company's goals.    The starting point of the author's study was not a conceptual framework, but a proposal or hypothesis. A common practice in innovations and values is the use of learning and search methods. Patterns are observed on the basis of comprehension patterns and literature categories are developed.    In the last sentence, the reader learns how companies solve their problems. There is a lot of debate about whether the content sells the product or not. An investigation of the learning process and innovation of business models was advanced in this study.    