Model Deployment    The process required to form an ML model and to provide its predictions to users and other systems is called deployment. The first step in determining the use of a model is to understand how end users interact with the forecasts of the model. Since models add value to an organization's insights and should be available to the end-users it is imperative that ML practitioners understand how to effectively deploy their models as quickly as possible.    Its use differs from routine machine learning tasks such as feature engineering, model selection and model evaluation. As such, the use of data scientists and ML engineers who have no background in software engineering or DevOps is not well understood.    With the use of machine learning models, you can begin to make full use of the models you have created. With this practice, a data scientist can learn how to use his models in production. Use of machine learning models Bringing a model to production means making it available to other systems, organisations and the web so they can receive and return the data.    Most online resources focus on the previous steps in the life cycle of machine learning: exploratory data analysis (EDA), model selection and model evaluation. Embedding Machine Learning Models is the most comprehensive machine learning course to date, showing you how to take your machine learning models out of a research environment and integrate them into a production environment.    The concept of application in data science refers to the application of a model for prediction on the basis of new data. The use of models requires coordination between data scientists, IT teams, software developers, and economic experts to ensure that the model works in the production environment of the company. This is a major challenge due to the discrepancy between the programming language of the machine learning model (written in the language of your production system) and the code understood in the model, which can extend the project time from weeks to months.    Most data scientists believe that the use of models is a software engineering task that software engineers should master, because the skills required are consistent with their day-to-day work. That's true, but data scientists can learn these skills for the benefit of lean organizations. Bootcamps and degree programs do not teach students how to use models.    For example, a credit card company wants to use and train a model, or set it up as a neural network meta-learner to identify transactions that are highly likely to be fraudulent. Analysts do not always make deployment efforts, so it is important for customers to understand in advance what action needs to be taken to take advantage of the newly created model.    In general, there are four ways to use a model in data science. First, the model needs to be integrated into the business system so that we can draw real value from its predictions.    I have provided some great resources to help you deploy your model on a particular platform. You can use your machine learning model with support for blocking code execution in the Google Cloud, function calls, HTTP requests and predictions in your web applications and other systems. There are also Python libraries to help you deploy your model in environments where you do not need to install the Python stack to support your prediction models.    The model operation supports a number of operations that can be performed without downtime. Zero-downtime operations in model delivery mean that the end points of the model conclusions can be predicted and are able to serve requests without interruption or instability. The use of models requires that all model artifacts stored in the model catalog are in their active state.    Model Deployment retrieves the Conda environment from the Conda environment that you have created, modified, or published. In the following example the file runtime.yaml instructs the model application to drag the published Conda Environment objects from the memory path - defined - above. Model Deployment installs the published CODA environment as an instance in a pool hosted by the model server or the model itself.    When it comes to the most popular public cloud delivery models, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is the leading service provider according to ZDNet, Microsoft Azure, Google App Engine, IBM Cloud, Salesforce, Heroku and others. Azure Functions supports the use of large ML packages such as deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch. Public Cloud Deployment Model is the first choice for companies with low privacy concerns.    Managing Online Endpoint Preview provides a way to deploy your trained models without the need to create or manage the underlying infrastructure. For more information on the concepts involved in machine learning workflows, see Managing, deploying, and monitoring models with Azure Machine Learning. A major disadvantage of private cloud deployment models is their cost, as they require significant expenditure on hardware, software, personnel, and training.    These tasks and instructions require that you have already created your decision optimization model. Pack the model with your shared data (optional) into a ready-to-use .tar.gz file.    PML is an XML-based language used to define statistical models of data science and share them with compatible applications. For example, the use of the Visual Basic programming language to implement a regression model. Use of the data mining tool Orange for the use of decision tree models.    It was difficult for me to figure out how to use my models. I tried to use it on web hosting platforms, but it was difficult to configure and run a Flask app to use it. I asked the Twitter community what their biggest pain points are in machine learning, what works best, and what their team plans to focus on in 2020.Model Function Testing    Functional and non-functional tests: Functional tests are performed on the basis of the functional specification provided by the customer to verify the functional requirements of the system. It tests a piece of functionality and not the whole system. Non-functional tests check the performance, reliability, scaling and other non-functional aspects of the system.    Model experiments involve explicit checks of the behavior we expect from our model. Based on this definition, test strategies are used to derive test cases from behavioral models. The model evaluation includes metrics, charts and summarizes the performance and validation of the tested data set.    The combination of a behavioural model and a test strategy determines how many test cases are derived from each model. Simulations are computer-generated representations of system components in which the system responds to various inputs.    To make test execution more efficient, automated validation tools can access the shortest possible route from a starting point to an end point. With this method, we train a machine learning model based on data samples and determine a data point at which the model is to be tested. Repeat this process over time and leave various data points in the test set until you receive test performance data.    The automated generation and execution of test cases makes the entire test solution more efficient and less error prone. Innovative testing approaches, such as model-based testing, ensure effective results by testing such applications in a reasonable time.    Model-based testing is a modern approach to software testing that utilizes a secondary, lightweight implementation of software based on a so-called model. A model is an abstraction of a real function that shows the expected behavior of the system to be tested. This is an approach in which test cases are generated from an application model.    It generates the test model created by the software developer or tester. You control the test execution mode in the test manager. The test performer executes the generated test cases and reports the test results to the model abstracted into the test suite.    Multiple release tests allow you to use up-to-date test data to execute your model as if it were a production version. You can run the same test in model mode (SIL or PIL) and compare numerical results to demonstrate the equivalence of code and model. As the HIL tests to verify that the system is running in real time on hardware running Simulink Real-Time includes verification instructions for your model to determine whether functional requirements are met.    Simulink Design Verifier (tm) allows you to generate test cases to achieve test objectives and increase the coverage of Model Code. If you have existing tests in the model that use the verification blocks of the model, you can organize them and manage the results in a test manager. This allows you to include test cases from your original tests and create test files to achieve full coverage.    Machine learning can be difficult to test because we do not write the logic of the system. From the perspective of quality assurance, we need to develop strategies for testing what we cannot control.    Automated tests are an important tool in the development of high-quality software systems. It provides us with behavioral reports to train the model and serves as a systematic approach to error analysis. In the course of the further development of software tests, model-based testing is an integral part of modern test automation.    If you want to develop high-quality applications, it's time to take a closer look at model-based testing. It is a great way to eliminate the complex manual effort involved in checking that your system is behaving as expected. In this blog post I will explain what model-based testing is, discuss the challenges and benefits of this approach and provide some inspiration to start a world of automated test models.    For maximum benefit from model-based testing, you need the right tools. In this blog we will explore the basic concepts of the model tools that are needed to address building tests first and then share some best practices that will help you realize a wide range of new benefits. Test cases are codes generated on the basis of actual requirements based on a visual model that represents the part of your system that is to be tested.    A cross-functional team meets to develop a high-level model to establish a functional flow that they all understand. The model is then created by the business analysts, development and QA teams before they dive in and provide further process details.    Black box testing of machine learning (ML) models refers to testing the internal details of a model, such as the algorithm that was used to create the model and the characteristics of the model. The main objective of the black box tests is to ensure the quality of the ML models in the long term. This means that the concept model (SUT) is used to derive and test the SUT.    In machine learning systems, we conduct parallel model evaluations and model tests. The difficulty of the black box tests lies in trying to identify the testoracle, the mechanism that decides whether a test passes or not. We need a more nuanced report on the behaviour of models in order to identify such cases, and this is where model trials help.    These tools are scalable, can handle complex models and provide reliable test coverage. Software developers are already familiar with programming paradigms, but they must have the test knowledge they need to develop testable applications. The testers have to learn new concepts and models for traditional testing methods.A/B Testing Ml Models    In ML workflows of production, data scientists and data engineers often try to improve their models in different ways, such as improving performance, automatic model matching, training on additional up-to-date data or improving feature selection.    In the A / B test you test different variants of your model and compare how each variant behaves compared to the others. It is a good idea to roll a new model out to users as part of an A / B test before launching it into production, so that you can monitor high-level metrics such as click-through rate and conversion rate to measure the improvements your new model makes over your production variant. In the context of ML, conducting A / B tests of new models against older models in production is an effective last step to offline evaluation, as many things can influence user behavior and metrics in real life.    Your app will continue to use the original model, but the remote configuration and analysis code you have added allows you to experiment on the Firebase console with different models. The metrics you test depend on how your app uses your model. Once your app and your users have practical collected analytical data, create an A / B test experiment to test the impact of using your new model over your original one.    In the A / B test, you test different variants of your model and compare how well each variant performs. If the new version of the model offers better performance than the existing version, replace the existing model with the new model in production. The Performing A / A / B tests in production with a new model instead of an old model is an effective final step in the validation process for new models.    Amazon Sagemaker allows you to test A / B test models in production by running multiple production variants at each end point. You can use the Sagemakers functionality to test models trained using different training data sets, hyperparameters, algorithms, and ML frameworks and to test how well they work on various instance types and combinations of the above. Amazon Sagemaker also allows you to test multiple model variants at the same end point with the production variant.    If you want to test a model for a particular customer segment you can specify the variant that is processed in the inference request by providing Amazon Sagemaker with the TargetVariant header which directs the request to that variant. You can also distribute end-point call requests across multiple production variants by providing traffic distribution for each variant so you can call up a specific variant for each request.    To test and distribute multiple models and traffic across them, specify the percentage of traffic that is routed to each model and the weight of each production variant in the endpoint configuration. The model object is an image of the model data that is used to bring the production variant to the end point. We have developed two production variants, each with its own different model resource requirements and instance types.    Imagine you are publishing a new plant labeling model, Plant Labeler v2, and wish to conduct an experiment to compare it to your current model called Plant Labeling v1. In this step, I will show how to setup an A / B test to evaluate two versions of a model powered by a hypothetical visual plant search function, perform the test and take action based on the results.    With Amazon Sagemaker you can run A / B tests of ML models using multiple production variants at each end point. In many cases, such as in e-commerce applications, offline modeling of the model is not enough and you need to test the model in production before you make the decision to update it. The first step in testing your model is to modify your app using remote configuration parameters to determine which model your app is using.    Offline evaluation is a data science practice that includes a test data set for ML training to determine how efficient your model is at predicting on previously invisible data. Offline tests can be used to demonstrate adequate model performance based on historical data, but they do not establish a causal relationship between the model and users "results. When machine learning is introduced to control specific user behavior, such as increased click-through rates or engagement levels, we need to conduct online validation, also known as an experiment.    To understand why it is necessary to validate machine learning models with online tests, we must first understand why online experiments are necessary. We will talk about B-test techniques for online validation and discuss the architecture for implementing B-tests for machine learning. At the end of this post, you will find instructions for creating, demonstrating, and implementing this architecture on Google Cloud AWS.    We implement machine learning by using an example from the Udacitys A / B Testing course with R, a statistical programming language that is an excellent tool for business people who want to advance their careers by learning data science and machine learning (see 6 Reasons to Learn R for Business ). We use this example as described in the abstract to apply machine learning techniques used in our business analysis course in R to gain a better insight into the system's inner workings by comparing the experiment with a control group in an A / A / B test.    Kieran Kavanaugh and David Nigenda wrote on the AWS Machine Learning Blog about how to test ML models with Amazon Sagemaker in production. I strongly recommend reading this article and our accompanying Jupyter notebook on A / B testing with Amazon Sagemakers.Business Kpi Evaluation    CSF is measurable and includes a specific timeframe for the organization to achieve business goals and objectives. For example, if an organization has a monthly income of $50 million, set a goal of $60 million in the next 12 months to earn that income. If the goal is more concrete, set goals to increase revenue and create a way to measure performance by setting a set of timeframes to achieve those goals.    Measuring business performance is about finding the right KPIs and using them to improve organizational and business performance. Most corporate organizations set goals to achieve the right goals and meet the needs of their stakeholders. These goals start at the top and trickle through to the teams within the organization that perform unique functions and advance the organization.    A clear one-sided strategy can serve as a starting point for defining your goals, designing the appropriate KPIs, and identifying the questions you need to answer. This list is perfect for anyone who has defined their business goals and is looking for inspiration on how to measure them. To get the best KPIs for your organization, first define your business goals and then design the KPIs to measure those goals.    Important performance indicators are measurable values that determine how well individuals, teams, and organizations achieve their business goals. Organizations use KPIs to help individuals at all levels focus their work on achieving common goals. In this article, we define the key performance indicators, provide concrete examples and step-by-step instructions on how to create KPIs for yourself, your team and your company.    Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are a way of assessing the performance of a company, its business units, departments and employees. KPIs are defined in an understandable, meaningful and measurable way. Without them, their fulfilment would be hampered by factors considered uncontrollable by the organisation or the persons responsible.    Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) refer to a set of quantifiable metrics used to measure a company's long-term overall performance. They help to determine how companies "strategic, financial and operational performance compares to other companies in the same sector. Some of the key performance indicators are financial and include net income, gross profit margin, sales before certain expenses, current ratio, liquidity and availability of cash.    Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are types of measures used to assess an organisation's performance and its strategic objectives. In its simplest form, KPIs are a kind of performance measurement that helps you understand how well your organization or department performs. The best KPIs act as a compass to show you are on the right track towards your strategic goals.    Choose the right KPIs and use them to improve your business performance. KPIs take into account your strategic business objectives and measure performance against specific objectives defined from a strategic planning and budget perspective. Measuring KPIs can help you determine whether you are likely to achieve your business goals.    Once you have defined your KPIs, you can set appropriate goals, develop a strategy to achieve those goals and review your progress against the historical record of your business performance. A good plan is to use 5-7 KPIs to manage and track the progress of your plan. A KPIs show how well a company achieves its main goals.    KPIs provide an effective way to measure and track a company's performance across a variety of metrics. The most common non-financial KPIs are feet traffic measures, employee turnover rates, the number of regular and new customers and various quality indicators. Most organizations track KPIs with business analytics and reporting tools.    This article explains what KPIs are, what they do, and how to use them. By understanding and implementing KPIs, managers are able to optimize the business for long-term success.    Means of measuring a particular business purpose, be it a measurable value, a defined standard for achievable improvements, a KPIs that are relevant to the success of the organization, or a KPI that has a time period, which means that the value of the result is displayed within a predefined relevant time period. For example, if one of your goals is to provide superior customer service, you can use a KPIS to determine the number of unsatisfied customer service requests by the end of the week.    In order to evaluate a KPIs link to the target, the value of the measure must be assessed in such a way that it meets expectations or not. KPIs are considered KPIs if they are significant enough to show actual progress, and progress is considered significant if the company achieves its long-term goals and occurs within a specified timeframe.    Measuring performance is an essential part of monitoring a company's growth and progress. This includes measuring the actual performance of the company against the objectives set. Once an organization has identified its key performance indicators, it must communicate that information so that employees understand the metrics used to measure business performance.    This is crucial to help the company achieve its goals and find ways to improve. You can determine which KPIs help you and your organization achieve IT goals. Lower KPIs contribute to higher KPIs and to the overall goals of the organization.    For some organisations, this replaces measures such as corporate sponsorship, fundraising and volunteers. A company's ability to track its progress toward goals is the most effective quality of its KPIs.Model Degration Detection & Pipeline Redesign    These codes and standards will influence the design, construction, operation and maintenance of pipelines. A comprehensive case study will illustrate various aspects of pipeline design, operation and maintenance (e.g.    Techniques for assessing the integrity of pipelines are listed below. It is important to understand the physical quantities and variables used in the planning and calculation of pipelines.    Key to understanding the physical quantities and variables used in the construction of pipes and technical calculations is knowing the definition of force, pressure and technical stress. Capital costs and operating costs are the two most important cost elements for owning and operating a pipeline system. Operating costs for a pipeline must be taken into account.    The construction and use of pipelines is growing rapidly, especially in developing countries. Pipelines cross long distances from the ground to the ground. Most developing countries have extensive pipeline networks to meet demand for energy products in different places.    The technology for onshore pipelines is the Protected Space (ICCP) system. This is effective because pipelines are protected in the space between the anode and the sledge. This means that a life-extending system has been installed in the pipeline. The disadvantage of this system is that there is no protected space for the ICCP on land.    The new design code allows the anode to be placed further away from the pipeline, and attenuation calculations can be used to estimate the distance between the protected anode and the SLE at the end of the SLE. These two factors mean that CP can be thrown out of the pipeline much more easily than conventional pipelines. CP is designed to make the pipeline look like a field connection.    As the offshore industry has moved into deeper waters and pipeline designs have changed to accommodate new pipe laying techniques, we have seen significant changes in pipe coating technology. As 20-22, detection methods based on acoustic signals such as hydrophones have proven themselves as leak detectors and can achieve long-range detection in water pipes. These methods have a high sensitivity to leaks in the area of interest and appear to be suitable for early leak detection.    An early detection method, which does not depend on the experience of detection personnel, is labour-intensive and unreliable for large areas of water supply networks. The work [23-25] on applying machine learning to pipeline monitoring has produced excellent results. Research on large pipelines has used methods such as real-time modeling to compare measured data and flow rates of pipelines with model predictions, but problems such as high modelling difficulties and high computational load in real-world applications limit the use of these methods.    It is the expectation of the authority that studies on forced degradation will be used to understand the degradation pathways of products, to establish stability and to demonstrate methods that allow monitoring of the degradation occurring during shelf life. Forced degradation studies are used by industry to support the development of MAB and therapeutic lifecycle products for various purposes. The most commonly used conditions for forced degradation include high temperatures, freezing / thawing, restlessness, high pH, low pH, exposure to light, oxidation and glycation.    A variety of conditions can be selected depending on the likelihood that the product will be exposed during processing, packaging, shipping and handling to the most common forced degradation conditions. These conditions are harsh compared to real storage and accelerated stability conditions, which create a relevant degradation trend (degradation of the product in a short time).    The results show that the proposed technologies have the potential to reduce the cost of carbon capture compared to current options for high-quality products, generate carbon capture, and make gradual changes in the cost of carbon capture. Where possible, the financial and operational assumptions used are the same as those used in DOE 2022 projections for carbon capture and use of algae technology. Plans to further develop the technology in Phase 2B will be developed and potential end-user partners identified.Identify Ml Model Deployment Plan    Machine learning engineers are closer to software engineers than typical data scientists and are therefore ideal candidates to bring models to the production level. Bootcamps, data science graduate programs and online courses tend to focus on training algorithms and neural network architectures, as they form the core of machine learning ideas. With the right machine learning approach and methodology resulting from data-centered needs, the resulting projects can focus on all phases of data discovery, cleansing, training, modeling, and iteration.    In today's lean engineering shops, it is advisable for data scientists to learn their models in production. However, not all companies have the luxury of hiring specialized engineers to use models. You need a framework, tools, software and hardware to help you introduce ML models.    When you decide to use a model, you need to understand how the end users interact with the model predictive predictions. Since ML models add value to insights of an organization and are available to the end-users it is essential that ML practitioners understand how to use their models as efficiently as possible. The first step in determining how models can be used effectively is to understand how end users interact with models and predictions.    The most important aspect of model making is the use of models. The use of machine learning models is the process of bringing a model into the production environment where it can provide predictions for other software systems. Only when a model is used in production does it start to create added value, which makes it a decisive step.    The introduction of a ML model means the integration of the model into an existing production environment, taking into account input and return values that can be used for practical business decisions. There are several approaches to setting up a model in production that have different advantages depending on the application. I chose GradientBoostingClassifier and Sklearn, but other algorithms like XGBoost and Microsoft LGBM can be explored and tried out.    The use of models is one of the most difficult processes to gain value through machine learning. It requires coordination between data scientists, IT teams, software developers and economists to ensure that the model functions in the production environment of the company. For this reason, I decided to write a comprehensive blog series about how to use ML models in production.    In order to get the most from machine learning models it is important to use them in production before the company begins to make practical decisions. In order for a machine learning project to smoothly run, you need to assess the feasibility of the project from the standpoint of business data and implementation. Before you reach the stage of providing predictive models, you should ensure that your data pipeline is structured and can provide you with relevant and high-quality data.    Once the model is integrated into the business system, we can draw real value from its predictions. Before you develop a production forecasting model, you need to be sure that you are working with the best possible data from the appropriate sources from start to start. I have provided some great resources to help you deploy your model on a particular platform.    The aim of the first deployment is to use a simple model so that the focus can be placed on building the right machine learning pipeline required for prediction. Organize the machine learning code base to modularize data processing, model definition, model training, and experiment management. Providing a way to preserve and improve models in production.    The process of taking a trained ML model and making its predictions available to users and other systems is called deployment. Once you have provided your model, you must monitor and verify the progress and quality of your ML application over its entire lifespan in production, systematically verify it to maintain its intended value and monitor it in the context of a production machine learning system. Appropriate training and validation data for the project should be available and should be in the hands of data scientists and engineers who can handle the iterative process of feature engineering and model selection.    The key difference between the previous steps is that we create, test and deploy the data, the ML model and the components of the ML training pipeline. In the final phase, we introduce CI / CD, a system that enables the fast and reliable use of ML models in production. Continuous Integration (CI) expands the testing and validation of code components by adding tests to validate the data and the model.    The unfortunate reality is that many models never make it to production because their deployment takes longer than necessary. By using tools such as Dataflow, which allow data scientists to collaborate with engineering teams, it is possible to create a staging environment as part of the data pipeline for testing and deployment. Depending on the requirements, the implementation phase can be easy to create and report, complicated to implement and repeatable throughout the data science process.    Tools like TFX, MLFlow, and Kubeflow simplify the entire model delivery process, and data scientists can learn how to use them. Most data scientists believe that the use of models is a software engineering task that software engineers should master because the skills required are consistent with their daily work. That's true, but data scientists who learn these skills have an advantage in lean organizations.    Google was able to simplify Google Translate by using machine learning models to fulfill the core logical task of translating text between languages, which required 500 lines of code to describe the model previously. With the Google AI platform, you can access all your assets under one roof. You can use your machine learning model with support for blocking code execution in the Google Cloud, function calls, HTTP requests and predictions for your web applications and other systems.